behold I send my messenger and he will
behold I send my messenger and he will prepare the way before me and the Lord
prepare the way before me and the Lord
prepare the way before me and the Lord whom you seek will suddenly come to his
whom you seek will suddenly come to his
whom you seek will suddenly come to his temple even the messenger of the
temple even the messenger of the
temple even the messenger of the Covenant in whom you delight behold he
Covenant in whom you delight behold he
Covenant in whom you delight behold he is coming says the Lord of Hosts but who
is coming says the Lord of Hosts but who
is coming says the Lord of Hosts but who can endure the day of his coming and who
can endure the day of his coming and who
can endure the day of his coming and who can stand when he appears for he is like
can stand when he appears for he is like
can stand when he appears for he is like a refiners fire and like launderers soap
a refiners fire and like launderers soap
a refiners fire and like launderers soap he will sit as a refiner and a purifier
he will sit as a refiner and a purifier
he will sit as a refiner and a purifier of silver he will purify the sons of
of silver he will purify the sons of
of silver he will purify the sons of Levi and purge them as gold and silver
Levi and purge them as gold and silver
Levi and purge them as gold and silver that they may offer to the Lord and
that they may offer to the Lord and
that they may offer to the Lord and offering in righteousness then the
offering in righteousness then the
offering in righteousness then the offering of Judah and Jerusalem will be
offering of Judah and Jerusalem will be
offering of Judah and Jerusalem will be pleasant to the Lord as in the days of
pleasant to the Lord as in the days of
pleasant to the Lord as in the days of old as in former years and I will come
old as in former years and I will come
old as in former years and I will come near you for judgment I will be a swift
near you for judgment I will be a swift
near you for judgment I will be a swift witness against sorcerers against
witness against sorcerers against
witness against sorcerers against adulterers against perjurers against
adulterers against perjurers against
adulterers against perjurers against those who exploit wage-earners and
those who exploit wage-earners and
those who exploit wage-earners and widows and orphans and against those who
widows and orphans and against those who
widows and orphans and against those who turn away an alien because they do not
turn away an alien because they do not
turn away an alien because they do not fear me says the Lord of hosts for I am
fear me says the Lord of hosts for I am
fear me says the Lord of hosts for I am the Lord I
the Lord I
the Lord I do not change therefore you are not
do not change therefore you are not
do not change therefore you are not consumed
consumed
consumed o sons of jacob yet from the days of
o sons of jacob yet from the days of
o sons of jacob yet from the days of your father's you have gone away from my
your father's you have gone away from my
your father's you have gone away from my ordinances and have not kept them
ordinances and have not kept them
ordinances and have not kept them returned to me and I will return to you
returned to me and I will return to you
returned to me and I will return to you but you said in what way shall we return
but you said in what way shall we return
but you said in what way shall we return will a man Rob God yet you have robbed
will a man Rob God yet you have robbed
will a man Rob God yet you have robbed me but you say in what way have we
me but you say in what way have we
me but you say in what way have we robbed you in tithes and offerings you
robbed you in tithes and offerings you
robbed you in tithes and offerings you are cursed with a curse for you have
are cursed with a curse for you have
are cursed with a curse for you have robbed me even this whole nation bring
robbed me even this whole nation bring
robbed me even this whole nation bring all the tithes into the storehouse that
all the tithes into the storehouse that
all the tithes into the storehouse that there may be food in my house and try me
there may be food in my house and try me
there may be food in my house and try me now in this if I will not open for you
now in this if I will not open for you
now in this if I will not open for you the windows of heaven and pour out for
the windows of heaven and pour out for
the windows of heaven and pour out for you such blessing that there will not be
you such blessing that there will not be
you such blessing that there will not be room enough to receive it and I will
room enough to receive it and I will
room enough to receive it and I will rebuke the Devourer for your sakes so
rebuke the Devourer for your sakes so
rebuke the Devourer for your sakes so that he will not destroy the fruit of
that he will not destroy the fruit of
that he will not destroy the fruit of your grace
your grace
your grace nor shall Devine fail to bear fruit for
nor shall Devine fail to bear fruit for
nor shall Devine fail to bear fruit for you in the field says the Lord of Hosts
you in the field says the Lord of Hosts
you in the field says the Lord of Hosts and all nations will call you blessed
and all nations will call you blessed
and all nations will call you blessed for you will be a delightful land says
for you will be a delightful land says
for you will be a delightful land says the Lord of Hosts your words have been
the Lord of Hosts your words have been
the Lord of Hosts your words have been harsh against me says the Lord yet you
harsh against me says the Lord yet you
harsh against me says the Lord yet you say what have we spoken against you you
say what have we spoken against you you
say what have we spoken against you you have said it is useless to serve God
have said it is useless to serve God
have said it is useless to serve God what profit is it that we have kept his
what profit is it that we have kept his
what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance and that we have walked as
ordinance and that we have walked as
ordinance and that we have walked as mourners before the Lord of Hosts so now
mourners before the Lord of Hosts so now
mourners before the Lord of Hosts so now we call the proud blessed for those who
we call the proud blessed for those who
we call the proud blessed for those who do wickedness are raised up they even
do wickedness are raised up they even
do wickedness are raised up they even tempt God and go free then those who
tempt God and go free then those who
tempt God and go free then those who feared the Lord spoke to one another and
feared the Lord spoke to one another and
feared the Lord spoke to one another and the Lord listened and heard them so a
the Lord listened and heard them so a
the Lord listened and heard them so a book of remembrance was written before
book of remembrance was written before
book of remembrance was written before him for those who fear the Lord and who
him for those who fear the Lord and who
him for those who fear the Lord and who meditate on his name they shall be mine
meditate on his name they shall be mine
meditate on his name they shall be mine on the day that I make them my jewels
on the day that I make them my jewels
on the day that I make them my jewels and I will spare them as a man spares
and I will spare them as a man spares
and I will spare them as a man spares his own son who serves him then you
his own son who serves him then you
his own son who serves him then you shall again discern between the
shall again discern between the
shall again discern between the righteous and the wicked between one who
righteous and the wicked between one who
righteous and the wicked between one who serves God and one who does not serve
serves God and one who does not serve
serves God and one who does not serve Him